fix typo in vault doc (#1806)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/vault-auth/index.md

      required: true
      default:
      description: |

>         A reference to an existing `vault` objecti within the database. `vault` entities define the connection and authentication parameters used to connection to a Vault HTTP(S) API.

Author: ```suggestion
        A reference to an existing `vault` object within the database. `vault` entities define the connection and authentication parameters used to connect to a Vault HTTP(S) API.
```
